------------------------------
AMBERDMS BILLING SYSTEM 1.3.0

RELEASE NOTES
------------------------------

Amberdms Billing System release 1.3.0 introduces a number of major
changes into the application, including new features and bug fixes.



INNODB / ACID COMPLIANCE

All tables and application features have been updated to use InnoDB
database tables rather than MyISAM.

This changes ensure transaction-safe database modifications, so that if
an unexpected issue occurs whilst making changes, the database will roll
back cleanly to the before state, preventing any corruption of data.



INTERNATIONALISATION

Our growing user base has shown itself to be very diverse with users in
locations including New Zealand, England, Serbia, Russia and more!

To better support these users and their native language, we have
upgraded ABS to use UTF8 charset in all database fields as well as in
the PDF files that get generated.

We have also made the currency configuration more flexible, it is now
possible to adjust the position of the currency symbol - for example,
"$5" or "5 RSD".



SERVICE BILLING IMPROVEMENTS

A number of improvements have been made to the service billing code,
such as preventing invoices for $0 being emailed to customers as well as
improvements to past period invoicing so that an invoice with a date in
the past will have all the periods generated at once and added to a
single invoice.


PDF EVERYWHERE

Most pages have been updated to provide PDF export in addition to the
existing CSV export.



USABILITY IMPROVEMENTS

We have taken steps to improve the user experience, with particular
focus on the Windows platform.

The major changes to the UI have been:

* A number of fixes have been made to the user interface to improve the
appearance on Internet Explorer 7+

* Consistent styling has been applied to all buttons and links inside
the application. 



FREEING THE CLOUD

To allow more freedom when using providers running the Amberdms Billing
System, two new abilities have been added:


1. MySQL Database Export

Administrators can now do an export of the entire application database
via the web interface and download it.

This means that no matter who your hosting provider is, you can always
retrieve your information - providers can not lock you into their
services by preventing you from retrieving your data.


2. Customisations Patch Generation

To make it easy to comply with the AGPL license of the Amberdms Billing
System, users can now download a patch of all the customisations made by
the hosting provider.

This patch is generated by comparing the live code base against the
official Amberdms source tree (excluding config files with passwords)
and provides users with a patch that they can then download.

Optionally, this patch can also be submitted to Amberdms via a built in
form - we envision this as being an ideal way for less experience codes
to contribute their changes back to Amberdms, without the need to learn
patching utilities.



FEDORA OFFICIALLY SUPPORTED

In addition to RHEL 4,5 and CentOS 4,5, we now include Fedora 11 as a
supported platform for the Amberdms Billing System.

We are also working towards making packages for MacOS and Debian to
allow them to become officially supported.

At this stage we don't have any plans to investigate supporting non-unix
platforms such as Windows/IIS.



IMPORTANT NOTES

* After upgrading, some users may need to do a force reload (CTL+F5) of
their browser, as some of them don't pick up the new CSS stylesheet
immediately.


* Users of RHEL 4 servers are unable to take advantage of UTF8 PDFs, but
RHEL 5, Fedora 11 and any OS with TeTex > 3.0 or Texlive > 2007 have
support for UTF8 PDFs.

We looked at backporting texlive-2007 to RHEL 4 but it would require a
massive number of packages to be upgraded and we judged it too
intrusive.



CHANGELOG

For a list of all changes, please refer to the CHANGELOG file.



INSTALLATION

Standard installation method - please refer to the installation manual for
installation information.


UPGRADING FROM EXISTING INSTALL

Standard upgrade method - Please refer to the installation manual for upgrade
information.


